We went through that page generation and navigation process a lot of times in this course.
So when I go through that rather quickly here and I would generate all those pages together with you
using the command line tool you're Though of course you could use the manual approach.
We're going to use four pages in total one page the home page I'll use this page you already have to
store all our places to display them.
Then we need a separate page for individual place if we tap on one detail page.
I'm going to name this page place since it will be a single place we open in detail view then we will
also need a page to add a new place.
So I'm going to name this page at place and the last page me to generate is the one where we are able
to pick a location on the map.
You might remember that this opened a new page with the Google Maps interface on it.
So here I will name this said location.
Of course you are free to choose any other names but these are the four pages I'm going to work with
in this application.
Now let's also add them to AB modules so that you are able to work with them.
Here we of course need to add the ADD place page also adds the import of course and the same for the
single place page which we added and the said location page the home page was already added.
Make sure to add all those imports to and then also grab all those newly added pages and also add them
to entry components.
So today on take to is able to find those pages as a next step.
I want to set up some models.
We're going to use this app to describe our data and the two models I want to create as one model for
our location and one for an individual place.
Now you can try creating a game on your own though it might be best to do that together in the next
lecture because you might not know which features or which properties each of the two models should
have but definitely go ahead and try it on your own.
You can always fine tune it to the needs of our app in the next lecture where we will do this to Gebre